docs: Add exported and string config notes to migrate to v9 guide (#17926)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/migrate-to-9.0.0.md

* [`no-constructor-return` and `no-sequences` rule schemas are stricter](#stricter-rule-schemas)
* [New checks in `no-implicit-coercion` by default](#no-implicit-coercion)
* [Case-sensitive flags in `no-invalid-regexp`](#no-invalid-regexp)
* [Stricter `/* exported */` parsing](#exported-parsing)

> * [`"eslint:recommended"` and `"eslint:all"` invalid in flat config](#string-config)

Reviewer: Optional wording suggestion.

```suggestion
* [`"eslint:recommended"` and `"eslint:all"`strings no longer accepted in flat config](#string-config)
```

> * [`"eslint:recommended"` and `"eslint:all"`strings no longer accepted in flat config](#string-config)

Reviewer: fix typo:

```suggestion
* [`"eslint:recommended"` and `"eslint:all"` strings no longer accepted in flat config](#string-config)
```

**Related issue(s):** [#16574](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/16574)

## <a name="exported-parsing"></a> Stricter `/* exported */` parsing

Prior to ESLint v9.0.0, the `/* exported */` directive incorrectly allowed the following syntax:

```js
/* exported foo: true, bar: false */

> ```

Reviewer 2: Space-separated lists are also no longer supported, e.g.:

```js
/* exported foo bar */
```
